[Music]
eleven illegal things you do on every
day you might not even realize it but
there are so many things you probably do
on a day to day basis that are totally
illegal there are some laws that many of
us have no idea about
while others know about them but don't
believe they'll ever get caught
Brightside has decided to open your eyes
to some of the illegal stuff that you're
doing pretty much every day online so
let's get down to it number 11
downloading torrents isn't it awesome
that you can find pretty much everything
on torrent websites and easily download
it within a couple of clicks well as
convenient and entertaining as it may be
to download free movies or any other
torrent files of the like you're
completely breaking the law whoops
you can't legally watch movies without
paying for them period and this rule
also goes for every single torrent file
simply speaking if the item is
copyrighted and you're not the owner of
it then downloading it for free is 100%
against the law you can even be caught
by so called copyright trolls who locate
torrent downloaders through their IP
addresses so think twice before clicking
that download button and try to get your
hands on whatever interests you legally
number ten connecting the public Wi-Fi
all of us have used public Wi-Fi before
I mean let's be real sometimes we go to
a place just for the free internet
connection it's just so easy to find
which is exactly why it's hard to
believe that it can be illegal in some
cases if we're talking about public
Wi-Fi you have to have the providers
permission and follow the Terms of
Service to use it legally as for
personal open Wi-Fi sources you know
like your neighbors unprotected Wi-Fi
account that you of course never touched
wink wink
it's completely illegal to access
someone's connection without permission
because it means that you're using a
service that someone else is paying for
absolutely free of charge
there have even been people arrested for
using public Wi-Fi without authorization
so take this into consideration next
time you connect to a free Wi-Fi source
number nine selling on eBay without
declaring your income how convenient is
it to hop on the internet and sell your
super cute homemade jewelry many people
have sold something online but how many
of us have actually reported those
earnings to the Internal Revenue Service
not that many right you'll probably be
shocked to know that these regular
earnings must be declared as part of
your income otherwise what you're doing
is illegal
if you sell on eBay but don't declare
your earnings yourself eBay will submit
form 1099 and report your income to the
IRS eBay you backstabber just kidding we
love you BAE you see when you have a
steady profit from eBay the IRS
categorizes your activity there as a
business which means that these earnings
must be included in your tax information
if you sell stuff online regularly check
up on this and make sure that you're
safely within the confines of the law
number eight using a fake name online
sometimes it just seems way easier to
type in the name of your favorite movie
character or singer when you're setting
up an account online but easy doesn't
mean legal people even create a fake ID
or use the wrong name both of which are
totally against the law - not that many
people are aware but faking your name or
ID can send you to prison for five to
twenty years using a fake name is
considered hacking because you didn't
correctly authorize yourself as a
computer owner some even take it to a
whole nother level and create a fake
account under other people's names out
of revenge or simply to mock them which
is wrong not only on a moral level but
also according to the law that's why
next time you're setting up anything
online just use your real name and be
yourself
number seven streaming TV shows how do
you like to spend your weekends sprawled
out on the couch surrounded by your
favorite snacks binge watching your
favorite TV shows from dusk until dawn
yeah me too and you just like the rest
of us have surely streamed your
preferred shows online without even
thinking about the laws that prohibit
you from doing so it needs a way to find
out if you're watching content legally
is to see whether or not there are
commercials during the video if there
aren't any more than likely that you're
blissful little TV show binge watching
party of one is breaking the law the
good news is that you can watch full
episodes of your shows legally from tons
of sources like Hulu ABC comedy central
Fox and a lot more you can find the
whole list of these legal streaming
websites online to make sure that you're
not breaking any laws by watching your
favorite series number six eating before
paying in the store come on let's be
honest we've all gone to the grocery
store and tested the food before paying
for it how else are we supposed to know
if the grapes are good enough this
little tactic may be great for saving
money but if you do this in stores
frequently you can get in trouble if
someone decides to report you you won't
have a lot of problems if you eat
something that you're planning on paying
for like a bag of chips or a candy bar
near the register anybody else have a
particular weakness for the stuff they
put in the checkout lines thumbs up if
so just be careful in the future because
according to the law you must pay for
everything before you take it from the
store and you're testing falls into this
category as well if you're not sure
where the store stands on this policy
you can always ask
number five using copyrighted content so
you're putting together a PowerPoint
presentation and you grab some images
from the internet to add a few nice
visual aids there's nothing wrong with
that right you can probably guess by now
but the answer to that question is a big
fat no most images are subject to
copyright and it is in fact illegal to
use them anywhere when it comes to using
copyrighted content you have to know the
rules of something called fair use you
can usually find out more about these
special rules online
also keep in mind that fair use rules
aren't exactly international they're for
the USA and Israel only however if
you're from another country it doesn't
mean that using copyrighted content is
legal
you just have different rules and
restrictions for this type of situation
it's best to just check before you
decide to take anybody else's material
for your own use number four texting
while driving this one is probably the
biggest and most serious offence on our
list texting while driving is a bad idea
for so many reasons it's not that
comfortable it's dangerous and it's
illegal even if you're an experienced
driver and have lightning-fast thumbs
it's still better to pull over to type
that text message or simply wait until
you get to where you're going before you
write and send it in the USA the
situation is very clear texting while
driving is strictly prohibited in 41
states that means that if you get caught
get ready to pay a fine and have points
docked on your driving record because
this is a primary offense well that's
pretty harsh right so what's the big
deal don't forget that when you're
driving in a car you're operating a huge
heavy hunk of metal going at high speeds
and it requires your undivided attention
it's not only yourself you should be
thinking about but also other people and
the statistics aren't very promising the
number of distraction related crashes
keeps increasing every year so let's
change that and drive attentively and
responsibly number three
recording Skype conversations millions
of people all over the world use Skype
it's no wonder why it's convenient easy
to use and most of its main functions
are free and most important of all it
helps us keep in touch with friends
family and even co-workers when distance
separates us however sometimes Skype can
be a bit tricky
because every user can easily record a
private conversation without the other
person knowing about it according to the
law doing this is illegal in most states
you can't record any conversation
without the other person's consent some
states the same principle applies to
phone calls as well it's illegal to
record them without both parties knowing
about it so respect other people's
privacy and don't record your Skype
calls number two sharing passwords it's
actually quite common for people to
share passwords with their close ones
even for personal accounts little did
you know but this is completely and
utterly illegal now in 2016 the United
States courts of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit passed a law declaring that
having a users permission isn't enough
if you want to share a password to do
that legally you must have the
permission of the site owner as well and
this includes subscription services too
which means that sharing your Netflix
password for example is officially
illegal hmm I imagine that this will
affect most Netflix Watchers because I
don't know anybody who isn't using
somebody else's account the main problem
with this law is that it's too hard to
enforce
since passwords are shared among users
so often still you have the right to
know that this is illegal
which means that there are consequences
for doing it
using social media when you're underage
it's not that big of a secret that if
you're under 13 you're not allowed to
use social media some platforms require
you to be even older for example you're
not supposed to have whatsapp until
you're 16
kids these days probably consider this
unfair and find ways to sneak around
this rule so it's not surprising that
according to statistics more than half
of children use social media by the age
of 10 it's the parents responsibility to
make sure their kids are abiding by the
law don't you think if you're a parent
just explain to your child that life
isn't all about the internet and they'll
have all the time they need to spend
online when the time comes of course
otherwise their precious childhood will
pass right by them other eyes were glued
to the screen encourage your children
and yourself really to live life to the
fullest and explore the big world around
them not the stay confined in a virtual
one which one of these points can you
find the most surprising do you think
some are more serious than others let's
discuss it in the comment section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with all your friends
subscribe to our channel to see more
interesting and fun videos and always
stay on the bright side of life with us
until next time